[MTM-65209] Improved Device Certificate Enrollment Validation (#3960)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-2025-393-0-improved-certificate enrollment-validation.md

---
date: 

> title: Improved Device Certificate Enrollment Validation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Improved device certificate enrollment validation
```

change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Improvement
product_area: Platform services
component:
  - value: q3kclF6pO
    label: Authentication
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-65209
version: 2025.393.0
---

> Added a new validation step ensuring that the Common Name (CN) field in the Certificate Signing Request (CSR) Subject exactly matches the device ID provided during the device registration process.

Reviewer 2: I would suggest slightly altering to something like: 'Certificate validation is now improved to ensure that the Common Name .......'

> Certificate validation is now improved to ensure that the Common Name (CN) field in the Certificate Signing Request (CSR) Subject exactly matches the device ID provided during the device registration process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The device certificate validation has been improved to ensure that the Common Name (CN) field in the Certificate Signing Request (CSR) subject exactly matches the device ID provided during the device registration process.
```

> This enhancement improves consistency and prevents [enrollment of certificates](/device-certificate-authentication/device-enroll-and-re-enroll) with mismatched identifiers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enhancement improves consistency and prevents [the enrollment of certificates](/device-certificate-authentication/device-enroll-and-re-enroll) with mismatched identifiers.
```
